[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Now we get to clean up
some more code let's go back to 2.js.
And you know how we were passing in
this crappy looking function here,
with all the if error condition stuff.
Nobody wants to write any of that code,
so let's take all of that code out.
In fact we don't have to pass in
a callback at all because the say function
is gonna return us our sequence back.
It's like returning us a promise
that we can chain off of.
So now I know I'm gonna get some
contents back from this thing and
I know this is the final
step in my sequence.
So I could do then but an even simpler
way is to just do .val because,
>> Kyle Simpson: If I had done .then,
which is the more standard thing that
you see in the API, .then always gets us
this first parameter, that trigger and
then any success messages after that.
So rather than typing out the done and
getting that parameter that I don't need
anymore, the shortcut that's
provided is just typing .val.
So it assumes that we're going
to just have a synchronous step
here that we don't need to do any
more asynchronicity for this step.
So we receive the content
into this function.
Now we are not handling
the error here are we?
Does that seem like
something that we've lost?
Well it turns out that all the promise
abstraction libraries they all have a way
of handling it.
The way asynquence handles it,
it allows you on any sequence to register
an error handler by calling the .or.
>> Kyle Simpson: So anywhere in
the sequence that an error occurs,
it will bubble up to any registered or
handlers on the sequence.
So anywhere,
if it had an error reading the file,
if it had an error doing the delay,
if it had an error anywhere.
Any kind of error that it encounters,
it traps those errors and
forces them into the error
stream of the sequence.
So we can safely do console.error and
print out our error.
>> Kyle Simpson: If you do a diff, if
you do a comparison between the 1.js and
the 2.js in your Hello World and
your Hello World 2,
you'll see quite clearly we
deleted a whole bunch of code.
Because we're taking advantage of the
power of promises in those abstractions
to reduce the code.
So that all that's left is the stuff
that we really care about which is just
the expression of our flow control,
so that we can manage it properly.
Here when we look at this sequence we say,
what I need to do is call hello.say and
then when it finishes I either get
the contents or I get an error.
And that's how we would think about our
asynchronous flow control from this level
of abstraction.
The goal is to create nice maintainable
levels of abstraction around your
asynchronous flow control.
>> Kyle Simpson: Save out this file.
Try it from the command line node 2.js.
Remember what happens with if we don't
pass anything we get immediately
a problem there.
So let's pass in a -- file=test.txt and
we wait one second to print the output.
Now what happens if we get our error,
we give it a filename that doesn't exist?
We immediately get our error.
That flowed all the way up
the sequence chain into our or
handler exactly the way
we would have expected.